Update topologies-supported.md (#4598)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbServer/plan-your-deployment/modern-authentication/topologies-supported.md

---

# Skype for Business topologies supported with Modern Authentication

This article lists what online and on-premises topologies are supported with Modern Authentication in Skype for Business, as well as security features that apply to each topology.

## Modern Authentication in Skype for Business

> Skype for Business can leverage security advantages of Modern Authentication. Because Skype for Business works closely with Exchange, the login behaviour Skype for Business client users will see will also be effected by the MA status of Exchange. This will also apply if you have a Skype for Business split-domain hybrid. That's a lot of moving parts, but the aim here is an easy to visualize list of supported topologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skype for Business can leverage security advantages of Modern Authentication. Because Skype for Business works closely with Exchange, the login behavior Skype for Business client users will see will also be affected by the MA status of Exchange. This will also apply if you have a Skype for Business split-domain hybrid. That's a lot of moving parts, but the aim here is an easy to visualize list of supported topologies.
```

Given Skype for Business, Skype for Business online, Exchange Server, and Exchange online, what topologies are supported with MA?

> <!--  > [!TIP] > Not sure what Modern Authentication even is? No worries.  This Skype for Business article  4e6a99cd-7859-4062-8a30-5ac79ba36b52  explains it in the first paragraphs. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--  > [!TIP] > Not sure what Modern Authentication even is? No worries. This Skype for Business article  4e6a99cd-7859-4062-8a30-5ac79ba36b52  explains it in the first paragraphs. -->
```

- Azure AD, online in the Microsoft Cloud

- Active Directory Federation Server (ADFS) on-premises

So it looks a bit like this, with EXO and SFBO in the Cloud with Azure AD, and Exchange Server (EXCH) and Skype for Business server (SFB) on-prem.

![An example of all the applications (Exchange and Skype for Business) and workloads (EXO and SFBO), and both of the authorization servers (ADFS and evoSTS) that can be involved when turning on MA.](../../media/18a3b451-1e64-40fc-b47f-7ce9587814bb.PNG)

Here are the supported topologies. Please note the key for the graphics:

- If the icon is dimmed or grey, it is not used in the scenario.

- EXO is Exchange Online.

- SFBO is Skype for Business Online.

- EXCH is Exchange on-premises.

- SFB is Skype for Business on-premises.

- Authorizing servers are represented by triangles, for example, the Azure AD is a triangle with a cloud behind it.

- Arrows point at the authorizing server that will be used when clients try to reach the specified server resource.

First, let's cover MA with Skype for Business in both On-premises-only or Cloud-only topologies.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Are you ready to set up Modern Authentication in Skype for Business Online? The steps to enable this feature are right [here](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/34339.skype-for-business-online-enable-your-tenant-for-modern-authentication.aspx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Are you ready to set up Modern Authentication in Skype for Business Online? See [Skype for Business Online: Enable your tenant for modern authentication](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/34339.skype-for-business-online-enable-your-tenant-for-modern-authentication.aspx) for the steps to enable this feature.
```
